[Music]
five years ago I thought I lost you
forever
there is no curse that could ever tell
me away from you will you marry me yes
[Music]
mistress I have a little bit of news
don't ruin my morning
there have asked me to marry him no I
wasn't really asking nor was I love
doesn't always end well beasty trust me
let us prove you wrong you have done an
admirable job going against your own
nature to raise this child but now she
will finally get the love of a real
mother tonight I consider Elora
my
what have you done we go home now
Maleficent is a threat to everyone
because you are best at
[Applause]
one can never be too careful
you
you do not know me
tell me what happened there was another
creature you've spent years caring for a
shoe
now it's time to care for your own
[Music]
love joy yeah
hang in there
I do I have cataplexy I pass out anytime
I feel strong emotions yes in my case
it's mainly joy don't you want to fall
in love I need to be careful I need
someone I can picture in sweatpants
Friday I have yarn making class we're
about to take on alpaca did I get you to
talk about the yarn nope
I'm Francesca by the way why do we keep
attracting and I have never hit your ass
unless it's the other way around
some sort of pheromone and hair gel come
up for a drink I don't want to do this I
can't do it if you're looking for a
boyfriend eat my brother wait what you
going out with Francesca it's a big
laugher I don't think I'm that funny but
funny I like you didn't hear huh
I made him an offer I couldn't refuse
that's Brenda what's eventually him
right
you also know compassion what they were
versus you seemed so happy just sucking
it up with Francesca she's everything
I've ever avoided drama are like a moth
all that I'm cut out for this you know
don't just throw them away so that we
never see her again
we you there's something really wrong
with you yeah not that
[Music]
gotta stick your neck out sometimes life
will pass you right by you can't keep
yourself from loving someone just
because you're afraid you're gonna lose
them
this is incredibly depressing yeah
[Music]
something funny yeah funny this one is
called where did my sweet grandma go
okay for dinner if you think you know
Dora she'll grow out of it
think again Dora this isn't the jungle
it's high school it's life or death so
if I don't talk to you don't take a
person oh okay we're all just trying to
survive high schools a horrible
nightmare are you I'm glad you brought
it I'm just kidding I don't actually
care we're onto something big Dora an
ancient city made of gold we're gonna
break some rules we're coming with you
Prima oh look Dora brought a knife on
the field trip everybody
go
it's a jungle puzzle
the Jumbo is perfectly safe
[Music]
seriously you had that in your backpack
too
Dora and the lost city of gold
[Music]
excuse me I ain't chili con carne will
be G Arzo shiney Ahuja
okay another formal talk retention has
to be shot without I'm Kim and I will be
here for the show nice young world it's
all you ten the army enter
why are coming what's again young yet we
are team justice a cop
a charity shop
don't ask
little sessoms young you'll be able to
watch
laughs it was in the cmp she shows you
[Music]
your papa
we have excellent news the matchmakers
found you an auspicious match it is
decided
come and sit down it is what is best for
our family yes I will Briana toss all
quiet
[Music]
composed
graceful
[Music]
these are the quarter key either good
wife
[Music]
we see in
it's my duty to fight
you
[Music]
[Applause]
Michelle Obama harness cotton you
very obvious to relish it there she's
not Madonna suka you my something me it
turns on with the ocean token gosh I'm
Jewish pajama birthday some Joker who do
Commodore Raja silencer
Sanctus Sanctus Sanctus to miserable gay
boy lobster music music
sorry little critters on Monty cheese
are written in such a tease
paulien Chicago put it
[Music]
I wanna say
take a humorous
I couldn't sleep that night I remember
thinking I'm all alone and then I
realized I had nothing to hide
there you are
I just decided I wasn't gonna be afraid
[Music]
when they assigned her to me
it was my idea to send her to Iran get
her into the nuclear division her cover
an English and French teacher I'm
probably not gonna sleep tonight I'm
gonna do great you're the best person
for this assignment did you know she was
cracking she had no idea
great so what do you do haven't you
learned not to ask questions like that
the people here all have many secrets
you gonna tell me what's going on she
disappeared disappeared she could be
anywhere now we couldn't control her she
wanted to make that point there's much
more going on I'll handle it I don't
think you should get into this need to
find a way to bring him here what is
going on you wouldn't understand
and follow your protocols assuming you
know everything but you don't this is
war and in war
people died
[Music]
are you pulling me out nah
I'm sorry it's so late let's go no
please
I'm Judy I'm very sorry but your suite
has been released what do you mean
released where exactly is it going your
account was in arrears
[Music]
Judy find out what kids need they need
their mother can't have the world's
greatest entertainer about here without
a drink Frank Sinatra's here
Frank is great but he is no Judy garlic
and even get a manager London would
offer you a lot of money talk of the
town is desperate to do a deal with you
you're saying I have to leave my
children if I want to make enough money
to be with my children
have you seen Judy there's an audience
out there wait to hear you sing my mouth
dry listen to me you'll be fine when you
go what room service
I didn't order anything doesn't matter
under there charlie surprise the kids
miss you and they also want to stay put
and coming back for her you're not
listening I have someone I can rely on
you
[Music]
like it's a lock you have to be home for
your mommy to put you to bed are you
going to be all right well if I can't do
it again you need to take better care of
yourself
you understand everybody has their
trouble and I've had mine I just want
what everybody wants I seem to have a
harder time getting it
do you take anything for depression for
husband didn't work
[Music]
you want
[Applause]
[Music]
watch horses volleyball
[Applause]
Ryan Hawkes
this is a professional soccer player
he's done I saw you with her
I'll buy the collar for a couple of days
I won't be reachable where are you going
now
Atlantis Lana I'm ran grind Hawks just
like a memo or something I snuck a
picture of him he is perfection
girls I made him drinks but that's it we
all know none like Ryan don't go for
women like you
I'll listen to her no she's right over
me I'll get in trouble
I'd better with me I have a deer
it's for you I have to tell you
something I'm still married
your identity card was never scanned
back in last night his guest ID card was
also never skinned back in last night
fraternizing with the guests
it's an invertible breach of contact I
want you out of the ship if you want to
go to the World Cup you just lay low
people don't water engaged TMZ that they
broke up that puts you in breach of
contract you understand that
you wonder yours you have no idea what
I'm capable of
in two months if you still feel the same
confinement in Petersburg
[Music]
we are meant to be together egg time -
in PA Ginola me at the end I prefer to
rally media radio you let you do the
very confident interesting a new role of
political tornado in Karcher what is he
a classy taranta very good eternal it
was the leader homage women are you are
mentally present
[Music]
moishale two grand is being datura care
the mic on shootin Evita the song yo del
Toro
[Music]
[Applause]
ricotta cake Westerville a residential
stat mikeraboy Alto
glorious a federal republic
you say varnel Mantella costitutional
energy
a vigil agrandi first Anita Oh Cooper to
tell Geeta Yanni my life
desert cheetara linear function and
interest age group 0 a Lannister
[Music]
political hospital we possess very warm
Eureka limp a lazy parent premier a
cockatoo TT a masseur allophilia she you
miss pett have a prop you waste
[Music]
you